Create release post 4.3 blog (#5926)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2022/release-4.3.md

---
title: "Sourcegraph 4.3 release"
publishDate: 2022-12-15T10:00-07:00
description: "Sourcegraph 4.3 introduces..."
tags: [blog, release]
slug: "release/4.3"
published: true
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/4.3/sourcegraph-4-3-hero.png
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/4.3/sourcegraph-4-3-hero.png
changelogItems:
  - description: "A \"copy path\" button has been added to file content, path, and symbol search results on hover or focus, next to the file path. The button copies the relative path of the file in the repo, in the same way as the \"copy path\" button in the file and repo pages."
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/42721
    category: Search

>   - description: "Unindexed search now uses the index for files that have not changed between the unindexed commit and the indexed commit. The result is faster unindexed search in general. If you are noticing issues you can disable by setting the feature flag `search-hybrid` to false."

Author: FYI @lcolston08 for hybrid search. Did you want to add something for this one?

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/45360
    category: Notebooks
  - description: "We'll be making a breaking change to the search query syntax with the upcoming 4.5 release in Februrary. We will be deprecating the fields `repohasfile` and `repohascommitafter` in favor of `repo:has.path()`."
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/45625
    category: Code search
---

<Badge link="/code-search" text="Code Search" color="cerise" size="small" />

#### Instantly navigate repositories, files, and symbols by name with fuzzy finder 

[Fuzzy finder](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/explanations/features) helps you quickly navigate to a repository, symbol, or file. To open the fuzzy finder, press 'Cmd+K' (macOS) or 'Ctrl+K' (Linux/Windows) from any page, and each tab has a dedicated shortcut:

- Repos: Cmd+I (macOS), Ctrl+K (Linux/Windows)
- Symbols: Cmd+O (macOS), Cmd+Shift+O (macOS Safari), Ctrl+O (Linux/Windows)
- Files: Cmd+P (macOS), Ctrl+P (Linux/Windows)

> Fuzzy finder is an experimental feature, and we welcome your feedback and input.

Reviewer: Do you want to link to where folks can go to give feedback?

Author: ```suggestion
Fuzzy finder is an experimental feature, and we welcome your feedback and input. You can [tweet at us](https://twitter.com/sourcegraph) or [send us an email](mailto:feedback@sourcegraph.com).
```

<div className="tw-mb-sm">
  <Figure
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/4.3/Search%20Contexts.png"
    alt="Search Contexts"
    caption=""
  />
</div>

<a href="https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/how-to/search_contexts)" className="tw-not-italic tw-flex tw-items-center tw-mb-sm">Docs<OpenInNewIcon className="tw-ml-xxs" size={18} /></a>

<br />
<Badge text="Code Insights" link="/code-insights" color="green" size="small" />

#### Insights are faster and even more reliable

[Code Insights](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_insights) turns your codebase into a database, so you can track migrations, version spread, tooling, and any other custom metric from the source of truth—the code—directly. We made significant improvements to the backfiller that populates your data, making your insights faster and more reliable, including: 

- Faster calculation times thanks to reduced contention in the work queue from separate insights
- Graceful error handling to surface information to the user if there are any incomplete data points
- Faster insight creation with more efficient background processing

> - Improved visibility into the state of background processes for easier troubleshooting and problem solving

Author: I don't think this one is directly addressed in the mechanics guide, but looking at some older posts, we do have periods — so I'm going to adjust this one

<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/4.3/Search%20Contexts.png alt="Search Contexts">

<a href="https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/how-to/search_contexts)" className="tw-not-italic tw-flex tw-items-center tw-mb-sm">Docs<OpenInNewIcon className="tw-ml-xxs" size={18} /></a>

<br />
<Badge link="/code-search" text="Code Search" color="cerise" size="small" />

#### Webhooks for Repository and Permissions syncing 

> Sourcegraph predominantly uses pull-based models for repository and permissions updates from the code host and webhooks have been hidden away in our external service config. Polling code hosts to check for changes can often create significant strain on code hosts, and syncs take longer as the Sourcegraph instance grows. In 4.3, webhooks have received a significant update making it easier for admins to configure webhooks for repository and permissions syncing including a new UI for creating, updating and deleting webhooks and improved handling of permissions webhooks. What this means is that your Sourcegraph instance will mirror your code host changes much more closely, ensuring that users always see the latest versions of what they need to see. For now, our webhook updates are limited to GitHub customers.

Reviewer 2: cc @alexAtSourcegraph this comment is safe to merge but if you'd like to edit further, feel free!

<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/release-post/4.3/Search%20Contexts.png alt="Search Contexts">

<a href="https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/how-to/search_contexts)" className="tw-not-italic tw-flex tw-items-center tw-mb-sm">Docs<OpenInNewIcon className="tw-ml-xxs" size={18} /></a>

<br />
<Badge link="/code-search" text="Code Search" color="cerise" size="small" />

#### Webhooks for Repository and Permissions syncing 

> Sourcegraph predominatntly uses pull-based models for repository and permissions updates from the code host and webhooks have been hidden away in our external service config. But this can often create significant strain on code hosts and mean delays between syncs. In 4.3, webhooks have received a significant update making it easier for admins to configure webhooks for repository and permissions syncing including a new UI for creating, updating and deleting webhooks and improved handling of permissions webhooks. For now, our webhook updates are limited to GitHub customers. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph predominatntly uses pull-based models for repository and permissions updates from the code host and webhooks have been hidden away in our external service config. Polling code hosts to check for changes can often create significant strain on code hosts, and syncs take longer as the Sourcegraph instance grows. In 4.3, webhooks have received a significant update making it easier for admins to configure webhooks for repository and permissions syncing including a new UI for creating, updating and deleting webhooks and improved handling of permissions webhooks. What this means is that your Sourcegraph instance will mirror your code host changes much more closely, ensuring that users always see the latest versions of what they need to see. For now, our webhook updates are limited to GitHub customers. 
```

#### Webhooks for Repository and Permissions syncing 

Sourcegraph predominantly uses pull-based models for repository and permissions updates from the code host and webhooks have been hidden away in our external service config. Polling code hosts to check for changes can often create significant strain on code hosts, and syncs take longer as the Sourcegraph instance grows. In 4.3, webhooks have received a significant update making it easier for admins to configure webhooks for repository and permissions syncing including a new UI for creating, updating and deleting webhooks and improved handling of permissions webhooks. What this means is that your Sourcegraph instance will mirror your code host changes much more closely, ensuring that users always see the latest versions of what they need to see. For now, our webhook updates are limited to GitHub customers.

<a href="https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/webhooks" className="tw-not-italic tw-flex tw-items-center tw-mb-sm">Docs<OpenInNewIcon className="tw-ml-xxs" size={18} /></a>

<br />
<Badge text="Code Insights" link="/code-insights" color="green" size="small" />

> #### Code Insights are faster and even more reliable

Author: @thisisvic Could you review this Code Insights highlight please?
